# Euro Millions predictions

¿Did you know that, lots of people thinks that 01-02-03-04-05 has the same probability of winning the lottery? Well, tecnically, math says it´s possible. But, there is a lot of difference between that combination, and any other generated by random systems, like a random list in Python, or a randon array in Numpy.

There are other type of people that play following their own rules. People that believe in the power of holy stones, pyramids, stars, dreams and a large etc of things. Even if everybody has the right to have their believes, the true is, that is not going to help improve your chances in any meassure. Not even machines can do it. Not even this proyect can. There is an intrinsic element of gambling in every draw, that makes impossible to be 100% sure of what is gonna happen in the next draw. The problem is that the amount of cases, makes people believe that. At the end of the day, is a thing of luck. Because of it, you can only play what you can afford to lose, just for the fun of the ocurrency, and of course, with your own rules.

The objective of the code in this repository is not trying to convince you. I´m not gonna promise you anything. The previous results doesn´t guarantee that is gonna happen again. My objective here, is try to get near as posible of the winning numbers, analysing the data of the game. In this case, Euromillions, just for the fun on it. As a lottery player, i´ve been following this strategy for a certain amount of time, and even if i´m not rich yet (and that is actually pretty sad :/), it helped me to make more smart choices, when i´m picking my numbers. When somebody asks me the best way to play, you need to know a very simple thing:

1.- Play the max amount of money you can in one single draw. If you divide your chances, playing in various draws per week, in the end, you are diluding your chances of winning.

2.- Play in lottery syndicate with that same amount of money. Is not the same play just 15€ by yourself, than play 15€ with other 5 people. You can reduce the impact in your own pocket, and increases your chances of winning any gambling game. You take more risks, and pick more numbers. More tickets, more numbers = more chances of winning. The only thing that needs to be clear, it´s how the winnings are gonna divide between the group. My suggestion, is keep the money to play more draws in a certain moment of time, when the bounty gets even bigger.

3.- Keep it real. This is not a certain thing. You need to be realistic. Keep doing your things. Live your live, and make it better for you. Even this is for my personal development. I´m learning the principies of data analysis with Python with this little proyect.

And now, to the thing that matters. In this repository, you will find the code that is gonna help you take your choices for picking the winning numbers. Bassically, it follows the theory of the large numbers. It says, in terms we can understang without knowing a los of math, that if you toss a coin 10 times, you can get weird results. Like 8 heads and 2 tails. But if you toss that same coin 10,000 times, most likely, you are gonna have a results that gets near to it´s teoric results of 50/50. That it´s an important thing to keep in mind, when you are playing gambling games. Even in stadistics, physics and math. So, following that example, this code is gonna give you the winning numbers following that same theory.

It analyze the last draw and the history of the game. Then with the use of combinatorics equations, math and the odds over probability of the next draw, it´s gonna give you an array of numbers to play, in descending order of quality to pick your numbers. You can give the system a certain amount of your numbers to get the tickets, or you can choose to let the system give you the entire tickets.

The minimal amount of tickets this code is gonna give you, are gonna be 36 of them. That it´s because, in theory, if you pick 10 numbers and if 5 of them are the winning ones, then you chances of winning the lottery are 100%!

But hold your horses! There are 6 ways to combine the odds and even numbers; low and high numbers.

I/P                     B/A
(3/2)                   (3/2)
(2/3)                   (2/3)
(1/4)                   (1/4)
(4/1)                   (4/1)
(0/5)                   (0/5)
(5/0)                   (5/0)

So with this repository code: choose your amount of numbers, or let the system choose all the numbers for you. Buy the tickets that gives you with his own selection of the arrys of combinations, with the combinatoric equation, and with a little of luck, you can win the lottery!

It choose 25 of the 50 numbers in most cases. You can see what are the numbers in order of recomendation, and choose manually or let the system choose.

Also, it´s gonna give you the amount of times at least 1 of the winning numbers recommended by it, won in the draws, eliminating 100 draws and giving you the amount of success.

This is always improving. So, keep trying. Play responsibly. Use the money you can afford to loose with you teammates, and cross your fingers!